Plot:
You were sleeping on the couch while forgetting to turn the T.V off. Suddenly, the T.V switched the channel immediately, creating a high pitched sound like a siren. You woke up absentmindedly in the middle of the night as both your T.V and your phone rang with enormous noises. It turned out that the place you lived in was in danger, a serious disease had spreaded and killed thousands of people in one night! The government required people to stay at home at any course as well as closing school and company while researchers dealing with the disease. You decided to live in your basement so that you don’t get an infection. Your task is to survive as long as possible!
Minimum viable product:
The game will consist of good graphics as the user interface. The game will have a menu, an introduction. The player will have an option to choose a character and each character has a different skill. The player will have an option to choose the amount of food and water bottle to survive within a scale. The player will also have an option to choose a specific item to bring to the basement (ex: phone, computer, clock, spray, etc) Each day survive will take a small amount of food as the program will keep track of the day. Last but not least, each day will have a scenario for the player to deal with.
HOW TO PLAY THE GAME?
Step 1: You have to click the start button :V
Step 2: You have to choose a character
Step 3: You have to choose an item to start with
Step 4: Start playing the game

What to Do?
Eat: You will eat 1 food each time
Drink: You will drink 1 bottle each time
Play: If you have a computer with electricity, you can play anytime you want

Scenario?
Yesterday: This will show you the result from yesterday scenario, whether you died or survived
Today: This will show you the current scenario and you will have option to choose

Back: this will take you back to the game screen
Take: After you see the yesterday result and you actually gain/lose something, you have to click the take button. Otherwise it will keep demanding you to do it.

The survival bar will include on the top left of the screen to see if you hungry for whatever... so that you can take care of yourself...
You can also see the current food, drink, and item available so that you can consider what to do to survive

That's it... If you die ... You will the end result
If you live throughout the entire game ... congrats!
There are only 11 scenarios, I will update more scenarios if people are actually playing the game

Anyways,.... Having fun and Hope you get out something from the game

Good luck


developer: Kien Nguyen